Add style functions - @deck.gl/carto (#5251)
visgl/deck.gl: docs/api-reference/carto/styles.md

# Styles

> `CARTO styles` are a set of scale functions to easily assign a color to a feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Helper functions to create data-driven map visualizations.
```

> Transform data values into visual variables and take the advantage of [CARTOColors](https://carto.com/carto-colors/) custom color schemes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Take the advantage of [CARTOColors](https://carto.com/carto-colors/), custom color schemes built on top of well-known standards for color use on maps, with next generation enhancements for the web and CARTO basemaps.

```

## Color Bins

`colorBins` maps continuous numeric input to discrete values defined by the range (`colors`).

* Quantitative scales have a continuous domain.

> 

Reviewer: Need to explain each parameter, here.  The structure should be:

- Description
- Parameters
- Usage example

### Usage of Color Bins

```js
import {CartoSQLLayer, colorBins} from '@deck.gl/carto';

const colorBinsManual = colorBins({
  attr: 'gn_pop',
  domain: [1e5, 2e5, 3e5],
  colors: 'Teal'
});

const binsLayer = new CartoSQLLayer({
  data: 'SELECT the_geom_webmercator, gn_pop FROM populated_places',

>   getFillColor: row => colorBinsManual(row)

Reviewer: I don't see why we add another function.

Cannot be something like this? 

```javascript
const binsLayer = new CartoSQLLayer({
  data: 'SELECT the_geom_webmercator, gn_pop FROM populated_places',
  getFillColor: colorBins({})
})
```
